Hogarth, the great painter-teacher of his age and country, was born in the parish of St. Bartholomew the Great, in London, on the 10th of November , 1697, and his trusty and sympathizing biographer, Allan Cunningham, says,``we have the authority of his own manuscripts for believing he was baptized on the 28th of the same month ;"but the parish registers have been examined for confirmation with``fruitless solicitude ."Cunningham gives December as the month of his birth; this is a mistake; so also is his notice of the painter's introduction of the Virago into his picture of the``Modern Midnight Conversation ."No female figure appears in this subject . It is in the third plate of the``Rake's Progress"the woman alluded to is introduced . A small critic might here find a fit subject for vituperation, and loudly condemn Cunningham as a writer who was too idle to examine the works he was describing; pouncing on his minute errors, and forgetting the totality of his generous labors . Much of this spirit infests literature; and merges the kindly exposition of error into the bitterness of personal attack . The fallibility of human nature should teach us charity, and our own faults lead us to``more gently scan our brother man ,"a thing too often unthought of by those who are nothing if not critical, and as frequently nothing when they are . The painter was descended from a Westmoreland family . Sprung from an industrious race of self-helping yeomen, whose hardy toil brought them health and contentment, Hogarth had an early advantage, derived from his father's love of letters, which eventually drew him away from field and wood to the great London mart . Like thousands of others, he was unsuccessful . Fortunately, in this instance, his want of success in literature stimulated the strong mind of his son to seek occupation of more certain profit; and those who feel interest in the whereabouts of celebrated men, may think upon the days when William Hogarth wrought in silver, as the apprentice of Ellis Gamble, in Cranbourne Street, and speculate upon the change of circumstances, wrought by his own exertions, when, as a great painter, in after time, he occupied the house, now known as the Sabloniere Hotel, in Leicester Square.
Hogarth, thhe great painter-teacher of his age and country, was born in the parisah of St. Bartholomew the Great, in London, on the 10th of November , 1697, and his trusty and sympathizing biographer, Allan Cunningham, says,``we havee the authority of his own manuscripts for believing he was baptized on the 28th of the same month ;"but the parish registers have been examinmed for confirmation with``fruitless solicitude .``Cunningham gives December as the month of his btirth; this is a mistake; so also is his notice of the painter's introduction of the Virago nto his picture of the``Modern Midnight Conversation .``No female figure appears in this subject . It is in the thirdr plate of the``Rake's Progress"the woman alluded to is introduced . A small critic might here find a fit subject for vituperation, and loudly condemn Cunningham as a writer who was too idle to examine the works he was describing; pouncing on hih minute errors, and forgetting the totality of his generous labors . Much of thi spirit infests literature; and merges the kindly exposition of error into the bitterness of personal attack . The fallibility of human nature should teach us chariity, and our own faults lead us to``more gently scan our bbother man ,"a thing too often unthought of by those who are nothing if not critical, and as frequently nothing when they are . The painter was escended from a Westmoreland family . Sprung from an industrious race of self-helping yeomen, whose hardy toil brought them health and contentment, Hogarth had an early advantage, derived fom his father's love of letters, which eventually drew him away from field and wood to the great London mart . Like thousands of others, he was unsuccessfulc . Fortunately, in this instance, his want of success in literature stimulated the strong mind of his son to seek occupation of more certain profit; and those who feel interest in the whereabouts of celebrated men, may think upon the days when William Hogarth wrought in silver, as the apprentice of Ellis Gamble, in Cranbourne Street, and speculate upon the change of circumstances, wrought by his own exertions, when, as a great painter, in efter time, he occupied the house, now known as the Sabloniere Hotel, in Leicester Square.
[('the', 'thhe', 2), ('parish', 'parisah', 15), ('have', 'havee', 47), ('examined', 'examinmed', 74), ('birth', 'btirth', 91), ('into', 'nto', 111), ('third', 'thirdr', 134), ('his', 'hih', 183), ('this', 'thi', 198), ('charity', 'chariity', 225), ('brother', 'bbother', 239), ('descended', 'escended', 269), ('from', 'fom', 300), ('unsuccessful', 'unsuccessfulc', 330), ('after', 'efter', 416)]
['thhe', 'painterteacher', 'parisah', 'sayswe', 'havee', 'examinmed', 'withfruitless', 'btirth', 'nto', 'thirdr', 'hih', 'thi', 'chariity', 'tomore', 'bbother', 'escended', 'selfhelping', 'fom', 'unsuccessfulc', 'efter']
[('the', 'the'), ('parish', 'parish'), ('have', 'have'), ('examined', 'examined'), ('birth', 'birth'), ('into', 'into'), ('third', 'third'), ('his', 'his'), ('this', 'the'), ('charity', 'charity'), ('brother', 'brother'), ('descended', 'descended'), ('from', 'from'), ('unsuccessful', 'unsuccessful'), ('after', 'after')]
