The distance and magnitude of those objects which are too far above us to be estimated directlysuch as starsare determined by their parallax . By some process of that kind we may form an approximate notion of Washington's greatness . We may measure him against the great events in which he moved; and against the great men, among whom, and above whom, his figure stood like a tower . It is agreed that the war of American Independence is one of the most exalted, and honorable, and difficult achievements related in history . Its force was contributed by many; but its grandeur was derived from Washington . His character and wisdom gave unity, and dignity, and effect to the irregular, and often divergent enthusiasm of others . His energy combined the parts; his intelligence guided the whole: his perseverance, and fortitude, and resolution, were the inspiration and support of all . In looking back over that period, his presence seems to fill the whole scene; his influence predominates throughout; his character is reflected from every thing . Perhaps nothing less than his immense weight of mind could have kept the national system, at home, in that position which it held, immovably, for seven years; perhaps nothing but the august respectability which his demeanor threw around the American cause abroad, would have induced a foreign nation to enter into an equal alliance with us, upon terms that contributed in a most important degree to our final success, or would have caused Great Britain to feel that no great indignity was suffered in admitting the claim to national existence of a people who had such a representative as Washington . What but the most eminent qualities of mind and feelingdiscretion superhumanreadiness of invention, and dexterity of means, equal to the most desperate affairsendurance, self-control, regulated ardor, restrained passion, caution mingled with boldness, and all the contrarieties of moral excellencecould have expanded the life of an individual into a career such as this?
The distnance and magnitude of those objects which are too far above us to be mstimated directlysuch as starsare determined by their parallax . By some process of that kind we may form an approximate notion of Washington's greatness . We may measure him against the great events in which he moved; and against the great men, among whom, and above whom, his figure stood like a tower . It is agreed thaat the war of American Independence is one of the most exalted, and honorable, and difficulti achievements related in history . Its force was contributed by many; but its grandreur was derived from Washington . His character and wisdom gave unity, and diginity, and effect to the irregular, and often divergent enthusiasm of others . His rnergy combined the parts; his intelligence guided the whole: his perseverapnce, and fortitude, and resolution, were the inspiration and support of all . In looking back over that period, his presence seems to fill tthe whole scene; his influence predominates throughout; his character is reflected ffrom every thing . Perhaps nothing less than his immense weight of mind ould have kept the national system, at home, in that position which it held, immovably, for seven years; perhaps nothing but the august respecaability which his demeanor threw around the American cause abroad, would hvave induced a foreign nation to enter into an equal alliance with us, upon terrms that contributed in a most important degree to our final success, or would havae caused Great Britain to feel that no great indignity was suffered in admitting the claim to national existence of a people who had such a representative as Washington . What but the motst eminent qualities of mind and feelingdiscretion superhumanreadiness of invention, and dexterity of mesans, equal to the most desperate affairsendurance, self-control, regulated ardor, restrained passin, caution mingled with boldness, and all the contrarieties of moral ecxcellencecould have expanded the life of an individual into a career such as this?
[('distance', 'distnance', 1), ('estimated', 'mstimated', 15), ('that', 'thaat', 77), ('difficult', 'difficulti', 94), ('grandeur', 'grandreur', 109), ('dignity', 'diginity', 123), ('energy', 'rnergy', 139), ('perseverance', 'perseverapnce', 151), ('the', 'tthe', 179), ('from', 'ffrom', 192), ('could', 'ould', 205), ('respectability', 'respecaability', 233), ('have', 'hvave', 245), ('terms', 'terrms', 260), ('have', 'havae', 275), ('most', 'motst', 308), ('means', 'mesans', 322), ('passion', 'passin', 337), ('excellencecould', 'ecxcellencecould', 350)]
['distnance', 'mstimated', 'directlysuch', 'starsare', 'thaat', 'difficulti', 'grandreur', 'diginity', 'rnergy', 'perseverapnce', 'tthe', 'ffrom', 'ould', 'respecaability', 'hvave', 'terrms', 'havae', 'motst', 'feelingdiscretion', 'superhumanreadiness', 'mesans', 'affairsendurance', 'selfcontrol', 'passin', 'ecxcellencecould']
[('distance', 'distance'), ('estimated', 'estimated'), ('that', 'that'), ('difficult', 'difficult'), ('grandeur', 'grandeur'), ('dignity', 'dignity'), ('energy', 'energy'), ('perseverance', 'perseverance'), ('the', 'the'), ('from', 'from'), ('could', 'could'), ('respectability', 'respectability'), ('have', 'have'), ('terms', 'terms'), ('have', 'have'), ('most', 'most'), ('means', 'means'), ('passion', 'passion'), ('excellencecould', 'ecxcellencecould')]
