Upon the conclusion of the war, Mr. Kendall commenced the preparation of the magnificent work which has lately been published in this city by the Appletons, under the title of The War between the United States and Mexico, by George W. Kendall, illustrated by pictorial drawings by Carl Nebel . Mr. Nebel may be regarded as one of the best battle-painters living . He accompanied Mr. Kendall during the war, and made his sketches while on the several fields where he had witnessed the movements of the contending armies; and in all the accessories of scenery, costume, and general effect, he has unquestionably been as successful as the actors in the drama admit him to have been in giving a vivid and just impression of the distinguishing characteristics of each conflict . The subjects of the plates are the Bombardment of Vera Cruz, the Battle of Cerro Gordo, the Storming of Chepultepec, the Assault on Contreras, the Battle of Cherubusco, the Attack on Molino del Rey, General Scott's Entrance into Mexico, the Battle of Buena Vista, the Battle of Palo Alto, and the Capture of Monterey . In some cases, there are two representations of the same scene, taken from different points of view . These have all been reproduced in colored lithography by the best artists of Paris . The literary part of the work, comprising very careful and particular accounts of these events, is excellently writtenso compactly and perspicuously, with so thorough a knowledge and so pure a taste, as to be deserving of applause among models in military history . Mr. Kendall passed about two years in Europe for the purpose of superintending its publication, and its success must have amply satisfied the most sanguine anticipations with which he entered upon its composition.
Upon the conclusion of the war, Mr. Kendall commenced the preparation of the magnificent work whicih has lately been published in this city by the Appletons, under the titlte of The War between the United States and Mexico, by George W. Kendall, illustrated by pictorial drawings by Carl Nebel . Mr. Nebel may be regarded as one of tte best battle-painters living . He accompanied Mr. Kendall during the war, and made hiis sketches while on the several fields where he had witnessed the movnments of the contending armies; and in all the accessories of scenery, costume, and general effect, he has unquestionably been as successful as the actors in the dramma admit him to have been in giving a vivid and just impression of the distinguishing characteristics of each conflict . The subjects of the plates are the Bombardment of Vera Cruz, ehe Battle of Cerro Gordo, the Storming of Chepultepec, the Assault on Contreras, the Battle of Cherubusco, the Attack on Molino del Rey, General Scott's Entrance into Mexico, the Battle of Buena Vista, the Battle of Palo Alto, and the Capture of Monterey . In some cases, there are two representations of the same scene, aken from different points of view . These have all been reproduced in colored lithograhy by the best artists of Paris . The literary part of the work, comprising very carefu and particular accounts of these events, is excellently writtenso compactly and plerspicuously, with so thorough a knowledge and so pure a taste, as to be deserving of applause among modees in military history . Mr. Kendall passed about two years in Europe for the purpose of superietending its publication, and its success must have amply satisfied the most sanguine anticipations with which he entered upon its composition.
[('which', 'whicih', 16), ('title', 'titlte', 30), ('the', 'tte', 62), ('his', 'hiis', 77), ('movements', 'movnments', 89), ('drama', 'dramma', 120), ('the', 'ehe', 153), ('taken', 'aken', 219), ('lithography', 'lithograhy', 233), ('careful', 'carefu', 250), ('perspicuously', 'plerspicuously', 263), ('models', 'modees', 283), ('superintending', 'superietending', 300)]
['whicih', 'titlte', 'tte', 'battlepainters', 'hiis', 'movnments', 'dramma', 'ehe', 'aken', 'lithograhy', 'carefu', 'writtenso', 'plerspicuously', 'modees', 'superietending']
[('which', 'which'), ('title', 'title'), ('the', 'the'), ('his', 'his'), ('movements', 'movements'), ('drama', 'drama'), ('the', 'the'), ('taken', 'taken'), ('lithography', 'lithography'), ('careful', 'careful'), ('perspicuously', 'perspicuously'), ('models', 'models'), ('superintending', 'superintending')]
