Take the case of Shakspeare . His surpassing greatness was never acknowledged by the learned, until the nation had ascertained and settled it as a foregone and questionless conclusion . Even now, to the most sagacious mind of this time, the real ground and evidence of its own assurance of Shakspeare's supremacy, is the universal, deep, immovable conviction of it in the public feeling . There have been many acute essays upon his minor characteristics; but intellectual criticism has never grappled with Shaksperian ART in its entireness and grandeur, and probably it never will . We know not now wherein his greatness consists . We cannot demonstrate it . There is less indistinctness in the merit of less eminent authors . Those things which are not doubts to our consciousness, are yet mysteries to our mind . And if this is true of literary art, which is so much within the sphere of reflection, it may be expected to find more striking illustration in great practical and public moral characters.
Take the case of Shakspeare . His surpassing greatness was never acknowledged by the learned, until thhe nation had ascertained and settled it as a foregone and questionless conclusion . Even nonw, to the most sagacious mind of this time, the real ground and evidence of its own assurance of Shakspeare's supremacy, is the universal, deep, immovable convction of it in the public feeling . There have been many acute essays upon hisi minor characteristics; but intellectual criticism has never grappled with Shaksperian ART in its entireness and grandeur, and probably it never will . We know not nwow wherein his greatness consists . We cannot demonstrate it . There is less indistinctness in thhe merit of less eminent authors . Those things which are not doubts to oor consciousness, are yet mysteries to our mind . And if this is true of literary artt, which is so much within the sphere of reflection, it may be expected to find more striking illustration in great practical and public moral characters.
[('the', 'thhe', 17), ('now', 'nonw', 32), ('conviction', 'convction', 64), ('his', 'hisi', 79), ('now', 'nwow', 107), ('the', 'thhe', 124), ('our', 'oor', 138), ('art', 'artt', 155)]
['thhe', 'nonw', 'convction', 'hisi', 'nwow', 'thhe', 'oor', 'artt']
[('the', 'the'), ('now', 'now'), ('conviction', 'conviction'), ('his', 'his'), ('now', 'now'), ('the', 'the'), ('our', 'our'), ('art', 'art')]
