We have here a capital portrait of the editor in chief of the New Orleans Picayune, GEORGE W. KENDALL, who, as an editor, author, traveller, or bon garçon, is world-famous, and every where entitled to be chairman in assemblies of these several necessary classes of people . Take him for all in all, he may be described as a new Chevalier Bayard, baptized in the spirit of fun, and with a steel pen in lieu of a blade of Damascus . He is a Vermonterof the state which has sent out Orestes Brownson, Herman Hooker, the Coltons, Hiram Powers, Hannah Gould, and a crowd of other men and women with the sharpest intellects, and for the most part the genialist tempers too, that can be found in all the country . His boyhood was passed in the delightful village of Burlington, from which, when he was of age, he came to New-York, and here he lived until about the year 1835, when he went to New Orleans, where his subsequent career may be found traced in the most witty and brilliant and altogether successful journal ever published in the southern or western states.
We have here a capital portrait of the editor in chief of the New Orleans Picayune, GEORGE W. KENDALL, who, as an editor, auhor, traveller, or bon garçon, is world-famous, and every where entitled to be chairman in assesmblies of these several necessary classes of people . Take him for all in all, he maym be described as a new Chevalier Bayard, baptized in the spirit of fun, and with a steel ppen in lieu of a blade of Damascus . He is a Vermonterof the state which has sent out Orestes Brownson, Herman Hooker, the Coltons, Hiram Powers, Hannah Gould, and a crowd of other men and women with the sharpest intellects, annd for the most part the genialist tempers too, that can be found in all the country . His boyhood was passed in the delightful vilglage of Burlington, from which, when he was of age, he came to New-York, and here he lived untit about the year 1835, when he went to New Orleans, where his subsequent career may be found traced in the most witty and brilliant and altogether sccessful journal ever published in the southern or western states.
[('author', 'auhor', 27), ('assemblies', 'assesmblies', 46), ('may', 'maym', 63), ('pen', 'ppen', 83), ('and', 'annd', 130), ('village', 'vilglage', 156), ('until', 'untit', 178), ('successful', 'sccessful', 207)]
['auhor', 'garçon', 'worldfamous', 'assesmblies', 'maym', 'ppen', 'annd', 'genialist', 'vilglage', 'untit', 'sccessful']
[('author', 'author'), ('assemblies', 'assemblies'), ('may', 'may'), ('pen', 'pen'), ('and', 'and'), ('village', 'village'), ('until', 'until'), ('successful', 'successful')]
